Commitment Loss and batching in the Autoregressive dimension

The Commitment loss in the model is:

|| z_{e}(x) - e_{q(x)} || ^2

(which comes in two forms due to technical reasons for gradient calculation:

CL1 = || sg(z_{e}(x) - e_{q(x)} ||^2
CL2 = || z_{e}(x) - sg(e_{q(x)} ||^2

In these formulas, z will consist of a range of timesteps at stride of 320.  A
single "sample" in this context is a window of wav data the length of one
receptive field of wavenet, with its 256-way softmax output being the
prediction for the sample.  But, we want to batch multiple samples in the time
dimension, in order to take advantage of their shared activations.

But, due to the structure, there will exist 320 consecutive samples that all
use the same collection of z vectors, and the next set of 320 will drop the
first and add one at the end.  If the batch size is greater than 320, then this
pattern needs to be taken into account in order to preserve what I would call
the "stochastic batch-size invariance" property:

Stochastic Batch-size invariance

In SGD, the average gradient calculated for a batch size of N should be the
same as the average gradient that would be calculated if you averaged the
gradients from N individual samples.  This is trivial for the main batch
dimension across different source data, because in this case, all calculations
throughout the network are independent from each other.  The only thing they
have in common in the dependency graph are network weights as source nodes. 

But, in the timestep batch dimension, consecutive samples share activations.
Thus, each different sample may use a particular activation a different number
of times.  This isn't a problem, because the gradients are all calculated
automatically.  However, if the model structure doesn't have a mechanism for
routing activations such as the z conditioning vectors, we need to manually
account for their use or non-use in the model across different samples.

Is there a simple way to integrate the commitment loss into the autograd in
such a way that it can be accounted for correctly?


